Chapter 1:
Module 1

Quiz:

1.Why do networks divide large files into smaller packets and then reassemble them
into the original file at the destination?
Ans:To avoid blocking the network with a large file

2.What feature of computer networks ensures that your device transmits the
information in an email correctly and efficiently to the device of the recipient?
Ans:Network Protocols

3.What does the networking hardware use the metadata to do?
Ans:Reassemble the packets into the original file in the right order.

4.How does cloud computing improve on the early internet server model?
Ans:By separating server features into distinct functions and using specially
designed and dedicated servers to perform them.

5.What is the smallest unit of measurement that computer scientists use when
measuring data?
Ans:Bit


Module 2

Quiz:
1)What is the primary role of a data center?
Ans:To provide a secure and controlled environment for the reliable operation of
cloud infrastructure

2)Tom is a network administrator who is responsible for provisioning resources,
monitoring usage, and enforcing security policies for his company’s cloud. Which
component of the cloud can he use
Ans:Management software

3)Swift Auto Solutions is a national car rental company that recently started using
cloud applications such as natural language processing (NLP) and image recognition
into its new chatbot. They aim to help customers get fast answers to their car
rental questions.
Which of the following statements reflects a benefit the business can expect from
using cloud services?
Ans: The customer service process should be easier, faster, and more reliable for
customers and the business.

4)The storage, bandwidth, and processing power of the cloud make many innovations
possible. Which of the following are innovations that the cloud enables?
Ans:
Personal digital assistants
Global identity access management (IAM)

5)Why do cloud providers have data centers located all over the world?
Ans:To improve speed and reliability for users

Module 3:

1)Cloud computing distributes the functions of computing hardware over hundreds
and, in most cases, thousands of computers, which enables users to use as much or
as little power as they need when they need it. What do computer engineers call
this characteristic of cloud computing?
Ans:Scalability

2)Which cloud service enables you to set up one account with many cloud providers
to gain access to a variety of software and services?
Ans:Single sign-on

3)FortuneFirst Financial Group is using the cloud to break down their payment
processing system into smaller, independent parts that can do specific jobs of the
process, such as payment authorization, fraud detection, and transaction
processing.
This is an example of which cloud service?
Ans:Workloads

4)Harjeet uploads a presentation to the cloud from his desktop at work. Later, at
home, he accesses the file from his work laptop to make a few changes. The next
day, before his presentation, he uses his work cell phone to open the file again to
review the presentation.
What characteristic of cloud computing is demonstrated by this scenario?
Ans: Avaliability

5)A number of organizations have adopted work-from-home policies. What user benefit
of the cloud enables remote work and lets users easily collaborate with others?
Ans:Flexibility

Module 4:

1)Fill in the blank. Cloud developers can use a lightweight form of virtualization
technology called __________ to reduce costs and make their applications faster
Ans:containers

2)Which of the following emerging technologies will be able to process information
billions of times faster than today’s computers?
Ans:Quantum Computing

3)A large data center is upgrading their graphics processing units (GPUs) to
decrease the time it takes to run intensive calculations like image recognition and
improve performance for certain types of jobs.
What improvement in computer technology is this an example of?
Ans: Increasing processing power

4)Which of the following advancements in technology involves processing data close
to where it is generated to improve application performance and reduce delays?
Ans:Edge computing

5)Pablo just added smart lightbulbs and a robot vacuum to his home. Using his
smartwatch, he can automate when the lightbulbs turn on and where his robot vacuum
will clean. He can even tell his home voice assistant to turn off his lights.
Which of the following types of technology provides this control to Pablo?
Ans:Internet of Things (IoT)

Final Assessment:
1)Which of the following technologies includes advances in cellular and wireless
technology that will dramatically increase connectivity to the cloud, making using
the cloud more seamless?
Ans:5G, Wi-Fi 6, and beyond

2)Most cloud systems use virtual machines (VMs). What is a virtual machine?
Ans:It’s a software-based computer that runs on a physical computer.

3)Cloud Solutions is a cloud service provider that offers data centers all over the
world as part of their services so the data centers are physically close to their
users. What can users expect from this?
Select all that apply.
Ans:
     Data transfers are less prone to error.
     Users can access data more quickly.
     Users can automatically scale up their computing power.

FJ Bank uses a cloud service provider that has robust and effective measures to
protect their customers’ financial data.
What user benefit of the cloud describes the protection offered by the cloud
service provider?
Ans:Security.

Which of the following technologies enables even the smallest devices like
lightbulbs and watches to connect to the cloud?
Ans:Internet of Things (IoT)


Imagine that you’ve recently accepted an information technology (IT) job with a
team that focuses on cloud computing at a small company.
What role does the data center play in the use of cloud computing for your new
company?
Ans:The data center enables your company to store and process vast amounts of data,
run complex applications, and provide reliable connectivity to employees.

Fill in the blank. Using ___________ as a cloud service, you can set up one account
with multiple cloud providers and gain access to a variety of software.

Ans: single sign-on


Sam uses a mobile device that’s connected to the cloud to access his email,
contacts, and data while he travels and works from different locations.What do
computer engineers call this characteristic of cloud computing?
Ans:Availability

Imagine that you’re using cloud technology to enhance your internet at home. Which
component of the cloud can you use to ensure that cloud systems move your data
quickly and accurately over the internet?

Ans:Networking devices

What key area of cloud computing advancements will make the cloud more efficient as
technology increases computing power while consuming less electrical power?
Ans:Computer technology


Fill in the blank. Using __________ as a cloud service, companies around the world
can provide software to employees to write reports, design presentations, and
create spreadsheets with data.
Ans:apps

The storage, bandwidth, and processing power of the cloud makes many important
innovations possible. Which of the following innovations does using the cloud
enable?
Select all that apply.

Ans:
Dynamic mapping technology such as Google Maps
Personal digital assistants like Siri
Smart appliances


Your manager assigns you to an international team to put together a presentation on
a risk assessment for the business. Using the cloud makes it possible for your team
to collaborate on the presentation in real time.



What user benefit of the cloud enables you to easily collaborate with others?
Ans :Flexibility

Which of the following statements explains how cloud computing evolved?
Ans: Cloud computing evolved from server farms, where many computers were networked
to share tasks.

Which of the following statements describes the basics of computer networking?

Ans: It’s a group of computers interconnected through infrastructure and rules that
share data with each other.

Chapter 2:

Module 1:
Quiz:
A small medical tech start-up develops new software for analyzing medical images.
The software needs to quickly analyze vast amounts of data to achieve high
accuracy.


1)What part of cloud technology enables this type of AI?
Ans: Processing power

2)Nate uses his word processing and spreadsheet software on any device over the
internet with the cloud.
Since this is a software as a service (SaaS) model, which of the following tasks
does Nate NOT need to perform?

Ans: Install and manage the software.

3)A medium-sized e-commerce company is experiencing rapid growth and has run out of
storage to keep up with the volume of product, customer, and transaction
information.
Which cloud service model would they benefit from implementing?
Ans:Database as a Service (DBaaS)

4)Which cloud service model enables users to access physical computing components
such as servers, storage, and networking components using the internet?
Ans:Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)

5)Which cloud service model provides developers with a way to develop, run, and
manage their applications over the internet?
Ans:Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Module 2:
Quiz:

1)Companies can use open source software without modification to help them build
their cloud solutions. What other ways can they utilize open source software?
Select all that apply.
Ans:
Use open source software to supplement or enhance proprietary software.
Use open source software by modifying it to fit their needs.

2)Fill in the blank. _____________ software is protected by intellectual property
laws. The public cannot access the source code for this type of software.
Ans:Proprietary

3) Shauna is working on a communication app for gamers, alongside many other
developers from the gamer community. Anyone can access and modify the source code
for the app, providing they accept the terms of the license. What type of software
is Shauna working on?
Ans:Open source

4)Which of the following circumstances might prompt a company to develop
proprietary software for a cloud solution?
Ans: High risk of security issues

5)What can developers expect when they work with open source software?
Select all that apply.
Ans:Developers can review the source code to make sure it’s secure and free of
vulnerabilities for their cloud solution.
Developers can often use it for free and work with a community of other developers
who contribute ideas.

Module 3:
Quiz:
1)Fill in the blank. __________ is known for providing strong support to businesses
and integrating with its own products so businesses that already use their products
can easily adopt the cloud services.

Ans: Microsoft Azure

2)AWS is the largest provider of cloud services to businesses and developers. Which
of the following statements is correct about the tools AWS offers for the cloud?
Select all that apply.
Ans:
AWS provides machine learning and AI services to use for content and analysis.
AWS provides analytic tools so businesses can collect and analyze data.
AWS offers a global network of groups, clubs, and events for learning and sharing.

3) How does IBM Cloud differentiate itself from other cloud providers?
Ans:By offering hybrid cloud service, AI, and the emerging quantum computing
technology

4)What are some typical features that a business can expect when they work with a
major cloud provider? Select all that apply.

Ans:A fast and reliable cloud experience with data centers around the world.
A range of standard services, including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS.

5)You’re a developer helping a friend who owns a small business that does
investigative work for law firms. Your friend needs to store client files and share
documents between two offices. Together you decide to build an open source cloud.
Which of the following steps do you need to perform as part of your development?

Ans:Choose an open source cloud storage platform that you can configure to set up
employees with the permissions they need to access the files.

Module 4:

1)Harpreet is developing a service that fulfills orders for small businesses. He’s
not sure how popular the service will become, so instead of buying servers,
networking hardware, and storage space and maintaining them, he decides to use the
cloud. What type of service model is Harpreet using?

Ans: IaaS

2)Fill in the blank. With ____________, a company can potentially increase
productivity and promote collaboration because employees have access to the suite
of secure, cloud-based tools and files they need to do their work from anywhere.

Ans: SaaS

3) A software developer is working on a new company application for submitting
business expenses for reimbursement.Using their cloud provider’s PaaS offering,
what capabilities can the software developer expect? Select all that apply.
Ans:
Business analytics to analyze data from the application to make decisions about how
to improve it in the future
Dashboards to monitor the performance of the application to make sure it’s running
smoothly
Built-in frameworks to greatly simplify API development and management

4)A city’s cloud computing system needs to properly handle an increase in web
traffic when reporting vote results in an upcoming election. A lot of people will
be visiting the city website to view latest counts the day of and the day after the
election. What cloud service does the city need?

Ans: IaaS to scale out their cloud service to handle more web traffic on those two
days

5)A large online retail company sees a spike in business during the holiday season
and they use the scale out functionality of their cloud provider’s IaaS service to
scale their website as needed. By scaling out their infrastructure, what benefits
does the company gain?Select all that apply.
Ans: They ensure that their website is available and responsive.
They only pay for extra infrastructure when they need it.

Final Assessment:

1)Which of the following is a benefit of using proprietary software?
Ans: It ensures that developers are compliant with licensing terms and avoid legal
issues.

2)An insurance company wants to rapidly develop a website to inform drivers about
the benefits of safe driving. They use a hybrid cloud infrastructure and are
considering using a pre-built open source software package on the public cloud to
build the site. Why is using open source software a good choice in this scenario?
Ans:Using the open source software package could help the company develop their
website more quickly.
3)Which of the following is a popular cloud service provider that offers a suite of
artificial intelligence (AI) tools and services that leverage natural language
processing (NLP), machine learning, and deep learning to analyze large amounts of
unstructured data?
Ans:IBM Cloud

4)Vasanthi is working as a cloud developer for a small biotech company. They are
developing a new drug and want to use a private open source cloud to run
simulations and experiments on their own servers without risking data breaches.
Which of the following is correct about an open source cloud? Select all that
apply.
Ans:
Developers can deploy open source clouds on company-owned computers.
There are many open source tools available for building a personal or company
cloud.

5)Anand is a data analyst who concludes insights from customer feedback about his
company’s products. Anand can access his software and collect the data he needs
from his work laptop and smart phone, whether he’s in the office or at home. Which
cloud service model enables him to do this?
Ans: Software as a service (SaaS)

6)How does AWS differentiate itself from other cloud providers?
Ans: By providing strong support and integration with its products

7)A small start-up company is building a new social media application. They have a
small design budget and want to build uniform features that are familiar to users.
What is one advantage of using an open source approach rather than using
proprietary software?
Ans:Open source software allows the company to use existing code and resources,
which can save time and money.

8)Which cloud service model enables the use of virtual machine computing resources
for customers to run their applications in the cloud?
Ans : Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)

9) Kendra is collaborating with co-workers on a spreadsheet their manager created.
The company realizes its employees need to be productive and collaborate using
office tools around the world.
Which cloud service model could provide value to this company?
Ans: Software as a service (SaaS)

10)An online retail company sees spikes in traffic on their website around
holidays. The company needs a cloud service that can scale up during high traffic
months and scale down in low traffic months.Which cloud service model could provide
value to this company?
Ans: Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)

11)A local company is opening a second location and both sites need access to all
company data. They know that it will be a large and expensive project to build out
the infrastructure and hardware, so they are looking to the cloud. Which cloud
service model is most appropriate for this company?

Ans: Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)

12)A bank is researching new customer management software. Why might the bank
choose an in-house, proprietary software solution over open source for this
application?
Ans: Proprietary software gives the bank more visibility into the security of the
software

13) Todd’s company provides virtual courses for students and gathers vast amounts
of information, including the number of video views, minutes of video watched, and
student comments on lessons. Todd is tasked with figuring out how to best store all
the information that the company collects. What cloud service model would Todd
benefit from implementing?
Ans: Database as a service (DBaaS)

14) Aidan is a gamer who wants to create and launch his own video game that can
reach some of his gamer friends around the globe. Which cloud provider should he
choose if he would like a dedicated gaming service in the cloud?
Ans: Microsoft Azure

15) A start-up company wants to launch a new online service. They need to access
ready-made tools and an infrastructure for developing, testing, and hosting their
application. Which cloud service model is most appropriate for this company?
Ans: Platform as a service (PaaS)
